Neuroscience have, in fact,
had a spectacular progress
which is due in great part
to the existence of new techniques
for the study of
the human nervous system,
and of the human
nervous living system.
Until a relatively short time ago,
it wasn't possible to directly
study the brain
on a living human being.
And that which is taking place at
this moment which is in fact new,
isn't just
to see the possibility of
understanding how the brain works,
in order to be able to better
notice and diagnose
and treat neurological
and psychiatric diseases
which, generally, are directly
connected to the working of the brain,
but also to be able
to understand better
what's happening to
that which have been
the products of human nature,
which have been the products
of the human brain, in terms of,
for example,
to the building of structures,
for example, of ethics, to the creation
of social structures, in general,
politics, economics, and, then,
the creation, evidently,
of technique and science,
and arts.
Since the classics, such as music,
or painting and sculpture,
until the complex arts,
such as, for example, theatre
and movies,
all those
great human capacities
and productivities,
it has been possible to connect
them to the brain's functioning,
through this huge technical
success that has been,
which has been designing in
the last two or three decades.